doc: SUIT recovery and customize DFU update (#19686)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_suit_customize_dfu.rst

* :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SUIT_MPI_RAD_LOCAL_1_CLASS_NAME`

These Kconfig options are used during Manifest Provisioning Information (MPI) generation.

> After the MPI has been flashed, it is read by the Secure Domain Firmware, which can then use it to verify if the UUIDs in a manifest are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the MPI has been flashed, it is read by the SDFW, which uses it to verify the correctness of the UUIDs in the manifest.
```
